person who has never met me irl watching a video of me bantering with my friends
...their understanding of what’s presented of me. i think if i start telling myself “these people like ME, these people just don’t” it’s easy to get into the trap of self-blame, neither is truly accurate to who i am and i feel drawing definitive value from either can be harmful
america runs on duffin
An aspiring voice actor looks for his passport in Canada but only finds the man of his dreams.
BMG SO LAZY THEY HAD MONTHS TO MAKE BATTLE PASS AND NOW THEY'RE MAKING US WAIT LONGER!?? yes, i too would prefer the nba finals to be every week. would truly make me excited. spacing seasons out so there is time for buildup and prevents dopamine exhaustion? yeah makes no sense
brawlhalla is an anagram for the word rawlhallab, which is what i believe the game was called in early alpha if my source (creed) is correct
hey I've been in the community for 5 years since closed beta and still haven't gotten ccs can you pls give them to m--
hurting the minds of others good one bucky
i brush my teeth twice a day fucking amateurs.. you aren't brushing thrice daily? don't look at me don't even try to breathe the same air-- i don't go a morning without a playful four or five brushes, six if it's christmas eve or i'm feeling EXTRA hot, shame on you.
I wait. I wait. I wait. Right when he starts firing to try to back boost me. The double. Body armor. Two quick ones. I already know I'm getting there on the perfect line. (Streets 1:12)
I'm flying through Zurich
this pastá is delectable, was it perchance steeped for eight hours in the italian sun among smoked pine and sunflower seeds? and the creme sauce, oi vey, it tastes as if chef coulson himself drew the blood from the cheese dragons of yore
word he says, our eyes unwillingly locked in the crack between the bathroom door and wall. he grasps at the purple plastic straw dangling from his mouth with one hand and a delicate square of toilet paper with the other. been here since third period.
you joined last summer? i've been playing since before axe was even in the game
stuff i've played/playing: pokemon gens 1-4, pokemon red rescue team, kirby amazing mirror + superstar ultra, super mario world gba, portal 1, undertale, mario 64, zelda oot
0-6 baby
07/24/16 02:33:15PM shit my pants while reciting hamlet
1 billion lions would still not be enough to get me unbanned from creed's discord
100% winrate in my first ever games of dead by daylight officially a god gamer
18 or 19*
2008 vs 2018
2010 had crazy frog and 2020 has this shit, 2030 better be the year aliens bring us $4 footlongs or we're just fucked
25 subs and I'll start stream
2am raisin bran hits different
2x world champion btw
3 facts about me! 1. my first ever video game was brlalwhhalla 2. i was born jeffery jacob but i changed my name to avoid GMOs 3. tomorrow is the lunar eclipse.
40K ON TWITCH TODAY THANKS!
4th year shitasspiss major
8 radians
a large majority
a nair on PC is called a ps4nair on ps4, any vocabulary on pc requires the ps4 prefix for ps4 players
a shovel mixed with a touch of childhood trauma
about a 3.18% chance i go to to dreamhack johncornping... getting hard parried by my lack of a passport
accepting steam trading cards as donations so you can get more friends that you'll eventually coerce to sub is the next twitch movement
accurate
Looks: 10/10, Creativity: 10/10, Health: 10/10, Intelligence: 10/10, Trustworthiness: 10/10, Social: 10/10, Memory: 10/10.
adam i know you like brawlhalla but this thing has just gotten out of hand. ive had it with you. im leaving and taking the kids. dont bother contacting me or i will file a restraining order. #bhesports
Addy; Elmo: born in australia, (allegedly) challenged beelzeboss to a rock off, only drinks when he is of age, plays sword.
AGREED!
ake
alexa is such shit, all i ask of her is to tell me what the name of the original song is for my favorite minecraft parodies and she tries to sell me a new surface pro 6 with integrated graphics. bought the damn laptop and still can't figure out where i'm mining comes from
all 6/6 of reno's sigs look crazy good
gonna be putting a lot of time into this character, video out in a couple hours
all i could think about on the 8hr plane ride to valencia was if spanish mochi uses spanish rice send tweet
almost missed pro series because of traffic, thanks to production and casters for buying time and blue team for being patient, ggs everyone … red team
ALRIGHT HE IS ACTUALLY D-OH MY GOD, YOOO YOOO IS HE GONNA GO FOR THE GURGLE TOP KO OH THAT WAS SO HIT THE WEAPON TOSS DOWN AIR FEEBLE STAR CANT TOUCH UNLESS UNLESS OHH NICE WEAPON THROW SWAP AND WHAT THE DUNK SURPRISE IT WAS ANOTHER SWORD
Also thanks fats for being a great dad
always been a real one
always knew you had my back 
am i crazy or is an adhd type of mind way more common than school has made it seem? i resonate with a lot of adhd experiences that i've read about, but because i've been able to focus and do well in school i don't meet the stereotype - i have a normal mind, i'm just anxious
now that is leaving
and fuck off
and i can't live without creed truth-vomit, so to each their own i guess
and i thought i was so funny
and now, the end is near, and so i face the final curtain… i've lived, a life that's full. i traveled each and every highway. but more, much more than this, i shit myself last week and threw it onto the windshield of a white honda civic license plate i'm so sorry
and save a whole cent
and things like UI overhauls / tourney marketing would just add more to their plate, but i think it's valid to bring up, even at the risk of seeming single minded. #1 example imo is overwatch's twitch integration + attractive main menu tab, they do much to boost engagement (2/2)
anxiety down.. sleep improved.. mood boosted.. optimism enhanced.. confidence soaring.. loneliness eradicated.. been watching streets 1:12 every time i take a shit, results don't lie mom results don't lie
any day now…
any time man, yall did something unique for the community and i appreciate 100%
anyone can fake a screenshot
anyone know where thebooth at pax east is?
anyway opening up individual coaching slots, 1 replay for 1 digit of your bank account routing number limited offer act fast
applesaucer
apply broth partner
are they beginner keyboards bc of tactile feedback or length or somethin? ideally i’d like something close to a piano but money def a factor
are u a workaholic if you install two different versions of premiere pro so you don't have to wait for videos to render to edit more videos
as is life
at least he was aggro, most drivers I see nowadays just wait 8 minutes at an intersection for other cars to turn
back in the hamster wheel dont stop running dont stop running lord oh lord
bad player
battle pass good
bazinga
beating a chosen bot gives the same rush as that time creed pushed me into a back alley and demanded i give him my last dvd copy of A Bug's Life while repeatedly reminding me that it stars Mike McShane as Tuck and Roll, twin pillbug brothers from Hungary. i got it man, lay off
been getting good at timing the poop droplets with two quick ones
been having issues with dairy lately, doctor told me i'm ethnically disposed to lactose problems and thought 2% milk would be healthier but turns out i'm not even lactose intolerant i'm just a gas machine, hook me up johnny hook me up to an air balloon let's fly johnny let's fly
been sitting here for 28 minutes trying to think of something... poop fart fuck already did that.. creed's lizard tail fduck too obvious it's hopeless i'm through
bh twitch chat and twitter heroes are embarrassing to the scene. with that said, poo poo pee pee shid fard poo again
bit too intense for my baby ears but i love reruns
blessed image
blue mammoth baja blast
blue mammoth gamers gave me and boomie early access to some of the items from the upcoming battle pass, so we made a tier list of our favorites
boneless wings are chicken nuggets lying to themselves
BOOMIE PAID ME OUT OF THE GOODNESS OF HIS HEART, WE RESPECT THE INTEGRITY! DREAMS DO COME TRUE!
boomie the first player to win singles and doubles at a lan... also the first player to win a lan after teaming with creed, the more impressive achievement
Boomie; Elmo: strong personality brings in a bunch of haters (but still well respected), often has guests on his show, dabbles in medieval war reenactment, one of the most popular.
both at once
Boys, take a seat and let's have a chat...
brawldown crazy this patch
brawlhalla battle pass leak
brawlhalla fashion top 10: 1. sparky, 2. bodvar, 3. raydvar, 3. the dev stream, 4. probrawlhalla, 5. king of the north, 6. king of the south, 7. dobrein, 8. cassidy
brawlhalla partner program
brawlhalla personalities as fictional characters (a thread)
BRAWLHALLA PERSONALITIES AS FICTIONAL CHARACTERS (a thread): Sparky; Elmo: high energy, lifts spirits, communicates complex ideas to high functioning toddlers, vibrant personality, world record holder
Brawlhalla Season 1 Battle Pass Reveal - Crimson Oni Jiro
brawlhalla servers are down
brawlhalla servers the exact frame you lock in on smashgg
burn them
california toilet paper hits different
call me later
called AAA and have a 1/2 vaccinated ride home just gotta wait now this is not very pog champ may i say
can confirm he has his very own 7th and 5th (nothing higher lmao haha) lan medals
can't lose what you don't have anyway make sure to follow and subscribe
can't remember the last time i didn't cry myself to sleep thinking about how nacho libre was snubbed from the 2006 academy awards
CANT GET DMCA’D IF IT’S MY OWN DOGSHIT
cant steal my format
CARPEL TUNNEL IN BOTH HANDS
carry on
ccs
CHANNEL GREW 400% SINCE REGULARLY STREAMING IN JUNE VERY COOL THANKS FOR WATCHING!!!!
check dms
check mate calling police everyone who wants to be breaking quarantine you're going to JAIL
clearly didn't even comprehend enough to MLA quote the tweet for one of the many 2007 cosmopolitan magazines in your baby dentist office, truly incredible the brain power of twice-brushlets, you're proving my point.
clever
coal
come and play
come one come all to the brand new zoom zoom circus we have farts and dino nuggets and piss the exit is on your left please be careful
comment below what you want me to draw and I'll do it live right now, no questions asked. quality may vary from picasso to machiavelli
commitment
computer froze and crashed and then updated while trying to render reno vid will be late
Controller #27
cool, see you at bcx
could u save one size xl because i am very tall and not short
couldn't have come on a more perfect day. happy birthday america
couple hours ago i started rehauling my streaming and recording settings because i was having problems, ended up with this and my recordings are still shit what happened
couple of my friends bullet journal yea
creed asked me if his blinds were the thing limiting his brawlhalla ability... i told him no but look where we are now
creed bought winrar
creed buys sesame seed bagels and then picks off every single seed before eating because he likes how the indents look like a million little smiles
creed doesn't heat up pizza rolls
Creed doesn't separate his whites and colors when he does laundry
Creed hasn't uploaded a video in 7 months because he's still trying to get the perfect lean sip sound effect for his intro
Creed hates Christmas and the Christmas music and the Christmas tree and the Christmas stockings and the Christmas decorations and the Christmas cheer.
creed is very vocal about his distaste for hip hop, so consider me surprised when he started spitting all the lyrics of ill mind of hopsin 4 from memory the other night. i asked him about this very thing and he said, and i quote: this isn't wrapping, this is magic
Creed just asked if AM and PM were metric units
creed just asked me how canadian dollars can be called dollars if they're not from america... honestly what do we even do with him at this point
Creed just asked me if people celebrate july 4th because that's when the presidents are all born
Creed just said he couldn't tell me and Duc apart because of our yellow colors
Creed just said he munged so much data by accident
creed just told me he's so happy that the internet exists so he can easily join as many flat earth discords as he pleases
Creed just told us his BMG internship was supposed to last until summer of next year, but he got fired because every few minutes he'd stand up from his desk and shout I'M PICKLE CREEEEED
creed literally just referred to car traffic on the highway as HUMAN TRAFFICKING, I wish I was joking
Creed not only believes the earth is flat, he also thinks there's a giant hole in the middle like a CD
creed not only hates WALL-E, he thinks cars 2 is the best sequel pixar has ever made
Creed only likes the bottom half of cupcakes
creed orders t-bone steak to eat the bone
creed put in the wrong address for the uber, then when he realized he hard dabbed and said my arbad guys
Creed said Borderlands2 is objectively an awful game because he doesn't like the name
creed said he hopes to win another skin in the game tournament so he can put in a PROUD ANTIVRAXXER ray man skin. credit where credit is due, it's not a bad pun
creed still having me in his banner EVEN after i've tweeted endless shit about him honestly tells you everything you need to know about him as a person, what a weird and creepy fan
Creed straight up just asked me if your balls get frostbite do you give birth to penguins?
creed texts me saying 911!! so i open our messages and he immediately says smells like updog in here. honestly not sure if he wants me to say what's up dog or he seriously thinks the smell of pressed lemons is called updog like i told him the other day
Creed thinks the best part of a donut is the hole
creed thought noise-cancelling headphones were used to cancel the sound coming out of the headphones until yesterday, i genuinely thought he was joking until he sent a picture of himself wearing them INSIDE OUT
creed told me he's gonna shave his head bald and get a tattoo of a buttcrack on his scalp and his ass to fake out God at the pearly gates
creed washes his hands?
Creed; Squidward: scoffs at the immaturity of those around him, pursues his passions, longstanding member of the community, standing desk while working
cross checking location info on uber/lyft/via to save 13 cents but spending $45 to get a ragnir that glows a little bit is the brawlhalla way
cute!
damn
damn and here i was thinking it was jerry jr
damn straight
Day 1 complete!
Day 1 of BCX. I took Crockie's shoes and dipped. Today was a good day.
deep confession when i was 8 or 9 i'd pick my nose while laying in bed and smear the boogers on the part of the wall obscured by the bedframe instead of getting up and wiping them off and/or eating them
delete this or say goodbye to your housing comrade
depends, which flavor you looking for
dev stream chat is always 50/50 split when there's a new character, with one side saying the sigs are overpowered and the other side saying the sigs should be more related to whole foods
diakou coming to america? cool. scooby-doo 2: monsters unleashed coming to netflix? iconic.
did it work?
didn't eat fiber
didn't know what a walrus looked like so i yahoo imaged it and this baby has seen some shit
didn’t think about controlling the bot and going back. it's pretty cumbersome but it works, tyty. looks like it's not fastfallable, coolio
didnt know who to raid after last nights stream so chat linked me someone and the very first thing i saw was a giant anime ass plastered on the screen, never trusting chat again
didnt realize icons had to do jury duty my bad
disappointed by the lack of natalie portman in infinity war... a big 0/10 from me sorry
dlight corn
dlight nsig was temporary too yonathan
dmca
DO YOU EVER PLUNGE YOUR HAND INTO THE TOILET WATER BEFORE SHITTING TO EMULATE THE PEACEFUL TRANQUILITY THE DINOSAURS FELT BEFORE THE ASTEROID HIT THEM
do you sometimes get woken up by a loud pop in your ear from your earwax coagulating into a significant enough mass to create pressure when you lie down on your side or are you normal
DO YOU WANT TO BE IN AN UPCOMING VIDEO? REPLY UNDER THIS TWEET WITH YOUR BEST HYUH (BODVAR SOUND) AND YOU MAY BE INCLUDED!
Dobrein; Elmo: counts numbers on the daily, questionable government connections, heavy russian accent, wasn't at bcx 2016
DOES ANYONE ELSE JUST SPIT INTO THE TOILET BOWL EVERY TIME YOU PISS WITHOUT REALIZING OR IS IT JUST ME
does it feel real
don't know how to talk to people now that neither of us know how's the weather today
Don't let LDZ winning worlds distract you from the fact that Lightning McQueen blew a full lap lead in the Piston Cup
Don't let Twitch's removal of PogChamp distract you from the fact that on March 5th 2014, Gabe The Glue Man Degrossi was unfairly robbed of victory via a late entry from Jerma in the first ever Jerma Rumble hosted by Jerma
Don't like the new Snapchat update? Here's how to fix it! Uninstall the app, Redownload it, Click Subscribe, Repeat monthly!
don't subtweet just next time
don't think you aren't a suspect alex.
don't worry, i like when u cut me off
don't you need to be 13 to log onto steam how the fuck did ben 10 get here why is nobody asking this
don’t make my mistake and shit ur pants during the exam and call the teacher over to be excused but they dont let you because they think you'll cheat so when you get up to turn in the exam after 4 excruciating hours the turd slides down your pant leg and ruins ur brand new crocs
dont do this to me please
dont think im nearly the size nor talent that a team would be looking for but mayhaps one day, would be cool to meet new ppl
dont you bring kenny into this petty back and forth, he's above this place
dress me up like elsa i don't care just don't give me kings pass
duc looks different
Duc; Elmo: THE CLOUD PEOPLE WILL COME FROM THE SKIES ABOVE AND BRING THEIR FURY, FIREY FURY UPON THOSE WHO HAVE SINNED. PRAY THAT YOU HAVE LIVED A LIFE FREE OF DISGRACE. THOSE UNFORTUNATE ENOUGH TO SURROUND THEMSELVES WITH SUCH PEOPLE WILL NOT BE SPARED, commentates.
Dude I just realized that in 10 years Creed is gonna be the prime minister of Cuba or somethin &amp; we're all gonna regret all the shit we said
dude i swear after we recover from corona aliens are just gonna show up and start making us play bad rats and shit there's no going back from 2020
e
easter bunny is a fucking scammer
eat shit
eggboy at sea
eggcelent!
eggsoup
eggsoup is a streamer who you should sub to with twitch prime and dont forget to resub every month because it doesn't automatically renew
eggsoup leaving me. it still hurts
elmo
endgame is projected to top avatar as the highest grossing film of all time... incredible that in just one month both will be topped by the film of a generation
enjoy dreamhack austin everyone, ill be here sipping taro and using my 144hz in peace
entering the community as a young kid, i've taken for granted the level of respect and care the grownups have treated me with, but truly, people have been nothing but kind, warm, empathetic forces in my life
Eramm Reacts to: Addymestic vs. Crockie (Pools Winners Finals)
EVER WONDERED WHAT THE HUMAN MIND LOOKS LIKE AFTER PROLONGED EXPOSURE TO TEROS? NEW VIDEO WAHOO WAHOO WAHOO WAHOO WAHOO cool ok
EVERY 46 YEAR OLD DAD THAT SAID THEY HAD 2020 VISION COULD'VE WARNED US ABOUT THIS SHIT NOW LOOK AT US
every kung fu panda crossover signature
every time i look in the mirror i remember i love mondays i am not harvfield the cat!
every time i see this i start giggling uncontrollably, i take it back dhar mann is my hero
EVERY TIME I SNEEZE I FEEL LIKE MY NOSTRILS HAVE BEEN FREED FROM A PRISON OF THEIR OWN DESIGN, I CAN SMELL THE WORLD THE STARS THE UNIVERSE I CAN SMELL IN 6 DIMENSIONS AT ONCE
EVERYONE ALWAYS SAYS QUALITY OVER QUANTITY BUT I NEVER TRULY UNDERSTOOD WHAT IT MEANT UNTIL 12/7/20 2:24:11 PM I HAD THAT 1 LIFE CHANGING SHIT, I COULD SHIT 10 TIMES A DAY FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE AND IT'LL NEVER EVEN COME CLOSE THEY PAVED PARADISE AND PUT UP A PARKING LOT
everyone but Kylar Alice.
everyone say hello to eggboy!
Everyone's talking about dash, but we are missing the core issue
everything okay sergio?
except my pants, they shrunk after i put them in the wash to wipe off the poo stains.
excommunicado
extremely valuable takeaways here, thank you for sharing
eyy hows ur ma, eh?
farted at least thrice there hope nobody heard...
farted while reading this.
FARTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ffuck
fighting games are hands down the sickest games on the planet
finally i can say happy new years to the west coasters too, good job everyone we made it
finding an extra fry curled up in the corner of the box
fine do it see if i care ok i didn't mean to say that i was just worked up sorry
fine, my turn. Dear shwerpy... 
Finishing this up -- 100 is a lot, hopefully you all enjoyed your choices and how they match up with your personality/spirit!
firm handshakes are hard when you're wearing minnie's fat inflatable gloves.
first time celeste! never doubt the god gamer genes
flawless process i think of some dogshit at 4am, tell myself i'll sleep on it and read it over in the morning, wake up inin the afternoon and post without looking,,, made another poop joke big surprise fuckos
for all this time i thought bts stood for back street boys, as it turns out justin timberlake is not a korean name
for what it's worth, i personally think watching 1s is a lot better, but i don't think it's fair to make that kind of definitive judgement on numbers that low given that we haven't even tried reaching out to those with potential interest
for you J.E? for you? i'll do it.
formal request for a baseball & baseball mitt skin for orb/gauntlets legend
fortnite might have $100,000,000, but do they have a taza?
freddie mercury wrote don't stop me now in direct response to boomie's losers bracket run in gravy cancel open cc tournament #13
fuck im sorry mister father ian sir wont happen again fuck i did it again god help me
fuck off
fuck off, you can see chat on the weekends.
fuck you
fuck you this is my best tweet of the year and i'm not talking 2021 butch hartman.
fuck.. nevermind
fucked around and typed an 8 page commentary on anxiety coming soon
fudkving typos man
full vid
fun fact all of my tweets have been anonymously directed at a certain individual, see if you can piece together the puzzle and find out who it is.
funny post, but how'd u get my account information remmy? not joking, kind of concerned sir.
gadget toss
game of the decade
game of thrones season 8 finale (colorized)
gamer toilet-chair hybrid for when the boys call for a long gaming session but the ham n' cheese hotpockets your grandma made for you aren't sitting quite right, give me a booty call whenever you want to discuss percentage splits.
gary is the name of a man with prestige level 7 nosehairs this is not an argument
get me the fuck out of here
get my name out of your spit filled mouth
give me your phone
giving away bhalla shirts to the first 3 ppl that ask me at bcx, find me if u want one (i look like this if u don't know)
gj guys, thanks for lettin me be in it
glad you clarified it was 13 because 12 would be stooping a little too low
GO YONI!
goblin heart
god isn't real
GOOD DOG!
good one
gotcha ty
gotcha, thank you for the insight!
GOTCHA!!! THIS IS ACTUALLY THE NAME OF THE CRYSTAL TEMPLE THEME IN THE GAME FILES GET TRICKED!!!!!!!
great thread! thanks for sharing ^^
great, now i know who to block thank u.
gruagach
guys i didnt even play back then whats going on it was just a low hanging fruit boomer joke
h
had a dream about kingdom hearts last night, a new rock bottom.
had a dream i called my zoom classmates chat while giving a powerpoint presentation, shits starting to hit too close to home.
had a nightmare that vimeo suddenly shut down with no warning or anything.. holy fuck dude you don't know true unadulterated terror until it stares you straight in the eye.
had to explain that my favorite song right now being “oh death” isn’t indicative of any underlying desire, gonna start telling people it’s the yummy tummy funny lucky gummy bear instead to cover my bases.
half of my likes are from the column of dead pixels on my phone glitching and selecting the entire page at once but i stand by them, if fate wants a permanent record of anime boys then fate shall have it.
hap bday vlad
HAPP YNEW YEAR
happy 4/20/20 by the way i celebrated by pissing four seconds longer than normal, it's a talent
HAPPY 5 YEARS 
HAPPY BDAY
happy birthday, super glad I got to meet both of you at bcx
happy birthday
happy easter
happy new years everyone!! except creed, who goes by the lunar calendar
harverd dropout, they're not animals sparky.
has shoes on, it's a miracle
he fuckin died LMAOO
he leaned too far back
he might not be blonde, but he sure is loyal
he pours the milk in before the cereal
HE SAID MORNING LMAOOOOO WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT
He Wants To Be Me So Bad
he's in Switzerland btw
heart pounding. hands shaking. piss flowing. pupils dilating. adrenaline pumping. yep, you heard correctly. i got the cheese touch.
heeeeeeeeelllll yea brother
hello gang just an update, i’m taking my time on this anxiety commentary, i see it as a kind of spiritual successor to “the secret to improving” if you remember that so i’m making sure it’s good and from the heart, thanks for being patient
her: talk dirty to me. me verbatim:
here take mine
hey
HEY dont insult my fanbase
hey everyone i'm gonna be on the brawlhalla dev stream tomorrow talking about ranked/tournament anxiety stop by and double decker suplex that like button so we can reach 10+ likes on this poggers announcement
hey it's me and my favorite brawlhalla community member and also creed
hey lol
hey relax with the caps lock man
hey tommy here's ur ball back haha i found it in my yard this morning be careful next time!
heyi made this for you
hmm i get a different takeaway, comments like these feel like they have nothing to do with the actual “me,” rather it’s their own projection of *something* onto whatever sliver of me is presented online. by the same logic i don’t think people like “me” either, they like...
holy sh*it
holy shit
HOLY SHIT
home is where you can lay down on hardwood flooring and instantly be cradled by a thousand little lightning bugs until your bubble bath is ready
hope my memory doesn't start slowly fading away because i dont think i could live without my steam login ID or the fact that in 1998 the undertaker threw partofthecreed off hеll in a cell and plummeted sixteen feet through the analyst desk
hope you had a good one buddy
how am i not on here
How Dare You.
HOW DO EXTROVERTED PEOPLE EXIST I TALK TO SOMEONE FOR 3 MINUTES AND RUN OUT OF THINGS TO SAY HOW ARE YOU SOCIAL FOR THE ENTIRE DAY
how is nobody talking about this
how many ill minds did mozart write, that's all im saying
how many times a day do you poop i poop 11 or 12 and i'm concerned but if the brawl halla world champ is also the same then i think i will be okay
how much is ten thousand miles in miles
HOW THE F*UCK DO PEOPLE MAKE FRIENDS OUTSIDE OF SCHOOL
humans really took millions of years to evolve out of fur coats just to get covered in fucking pimples,. fantastic
i accept venmo
I am a man.
I am a snowshoe you cant change me
I am a: Man, Woman, Brawlhaller Looking for: Men, Women, A 144hz monitor
I am informing you that with the newest character, jaeyun, by performing a series of inputs corresponding to techniques on a screen, you are able to draw out 80, (eighty), or even more damage out of an opponent's health pool
I AM NOT A LEAKER!
I AM VERY HAPPY THAT PEOPLE WHO ARE UNABLE TO TRAVEL OR ARE VERY UNLIKELY TO EVER HAVE AN EVENT IN THEIR VICINITY ARE ABLE TO HAVE THE SAME SHOT AT USING DIFFERENT PIXELS ON THEIR FAVORITE VIDEO GAME
i built a new computer but the motherboard came broken so i have to try again in 2020
I can never get sick of raysfire ... Never change. 
I can, watch this a little something for everyone
i can't be the only one that thinks esports jerseys are lame right where are my gfuel carl's jr bank of america overalls mister john electric-sport
I can't mess with my following count i'm sure you understand
I can't see the screen 
i could go to a michelin starred restaurant and receive a perfectly seared chef boyardee michael bublé steak with kraft mac n cheese on the side and i'd be completely fooled
i cry myself awake every mmorning rememberng olive garden is not in brawhlhalla yet!
i did 10 pushups today 
I didn't go to bcx :c
I didn't have enough time to make a full dedicated best of 2020 video, but there’s a short montage thing at the end of this one with some of my favorites from the past year, hope you enjoy
i didn't know this was a thing until recently, but apparently the annoying orange still uploads consistently... and creed watches EVERY video
i didn't mean to spit sorry
i didn't say bald i just said fat get your facts in line baldy
i didnt have to wait
i didnt say poo poo a single time on the dev stream , personal victory
i didnt type this
i don't feel safe
i don't give creed credit for much, but when he told me he hasn't missed a single brawl of the week i had to admit, he's committed to his ideals
i don't know about that one andrew
I don't know how much i'm learning when the poo fails to escape my butt
I don't know it wasn't funny it was actually very scary brennen
i don't really agree when we're talking differences in the hundreds, cuz who's to say that the 10k active ingame players that don't know the competitive scene exists would prefer watching 1s over 2s as well?
i don't remember tweeting this i'm pretty sure i was asleep
I don't understand, why would people get upset at you saying gruagach is BAD
i dont think gdq would be a good look for you
I edited my favorite avengers scene to have cartoon sound effects
I farted in my bedroom
i feel like i have an implicit bias to think of neurodiversity as dysfunctional and so it's not me because i've adjusted (which isnt even true), and that it's locked into rigid checkboxes of diagnoses to treat and bring back to normal rather than ppl just being different
i feel that
I fucking died
i hate it when people say don't do better, be better, i'm already on year 18 of don't pee january what more could you possibly want from me
I hate that my face is online, if it wasn't already there from tournaments i would never use facecam
I HATE THEM!!!
i have been told the proper term is sisyphean thank you still dont know what it means but it sounds cool
i have heard adult diapers give one a bodacious silhouette although i cannot confirm personally i still use child sizes 
i have my suspicions that creed has a cult that follows around anyone who tries to speak up about him and silences them
i have recently been informed that my brawlhalla ban (TM) extends to twitter as well, i am no longer allowed to tweet about the game's (a) contents, (b) players, or (c) developers. from now on i am a cooking mama personality, food morning everyone
i have so many uglydolls, i have the drawing book too somewhere. i think i latched onto them extra hard cuz one of the creators is korean and i had no real korean connection in toys
i havent either 
I havent relaxed in 13 years
i hear creed DVRs every new episode
i hold in my pee to assert dominance over mother nature
i hope creed's paycheck is more than just the revenue from his skin because i want him to eat more than cinnamon toast crunch for every meal
i instinctually reached for the string floss over the ez-handle floss in the drug store today... i can already see the gray hairs forming...
I just beat$50 Mario Kart money match and he won't pay up
i just had the random urge to speedrun the duck dynasty game and im not sure why... on an unrelated note ive noticed my hairline steadily receding
I just registered for Brawlhalla Winter Championship 2019
I know right that's how i reacted too there's not even hint of lime
i know, i heard you ate creed's cooking
i lied
i like performing well on stream because otherwise i get johnmcenroe113 in my DMs asking if i've seen naruto shipshop season 2 episode 4 and i always have to tell them i don't play tennis anymore john.
I literally shit a buzzer beater, the moment i pulled up my pants a huge wave crashed where i was squatting and i had to jump out of the way so i didn’t get soaked
i logged out of twitter and lost all my drafts... the world is much better off now, you have no idea how many creed tweets i had saved up
I love eggsoup he is the superior human
I LOVE MELEE #FREEMELEE
i luv u, i really mean it. y'all have given me so much more than i can put into words by making your game and i only hope i can give back to others through it too
i made a tier list of some exclusively revealed battle pass items with 
i made a tiktok to post unused or scrapped footage
I made it my guys finally hit the top 250 goal
i mention diakou ONE TIME and this is what happens
I met LDZ when I was barely 13 and he was 15. I'm 17 now, he's 19. Last week I saw a nintendo switch box on my doorstep from LDZ. When I opened the box there wasn't a switch inside at all though, instead a single gum wrapper with the note you never gave me my gum back bitch.
i miss remmy
i missed the gamescom announcement, did they finally reveal who menis was? ive been wondering for weeks
I moderate the comments
i never said i was any better
i played a song for my chat last night
never sang before so pls be nice
i promise it's out of context…
I read this as manure lmao manure like poopy pants
i realized i need to stop living in the future and temper my expectations in order to be more present, so i hereby declare i will STOP holding in my shits throughout the day to unload a single massive one later in the evening
I really stayed up till 5AM playing DBZ Budokai Tenkaichi 3 with 
I really stayed up till 5AM pressing A in DBZ Budokai Tenkaichi 3 with 
i remember back in 2018 when i was rooming with creed i saw him brush his teeth rapidly up and down like a jackhammer and when i asked about it he just said he wanted to make the big foam like cartoons do and walked out of the room with the toothbrush still in his hand
i remember the first time i made it out of pools... the cloud i ripped was so dummy fat it couldve brought jesus back a third time
I said i didnt have morals why are you disappointed
i saw into spiderman tomorrow; good movie but the one character gary oak kept blocking my 3D goggles so overall a very underwhelming tv series
i saw you type egg in my peripheral vision and got so excited, sidelined again sadge
i sharted on the back of my phone too
I SLEPT FOR 8 HOURS TODAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i somehow still havent been spoiled for harry potter and the deathly hallows part 2, so needless to say im more than pleased
i stream inconsistently for the sole purpose of having a reasonable explanation for wearing the same shirt every time i'm live, truth is i havent changed in a week but chat doesnt know that
I take it back
I think giveaways are dumb, but I’m doing one. Don’t like to enter. Don’t follow to enter. Don’t rt to enter. Tell Merry Christmas on this thread to enter: Blow his shit up. For christmas.
i think going to school and being around 1200 other people after sleeping awfully for 3 months straight was a shock to my immune system, ill try my best not to get anyone else sick
I think it's really time for Brawlhalla to step up to the next level in visuals. Our current HUD is super outdated and very inconvenient, especially when you're playing doubles. Here's a quick mockup of what Brawlhalla would look like with a bargain bin offbrand ultimate overlay
i think the joke has run its course
i thought about it and turns out i was wrong sorry guys :(
I told Creed to take off his glasses and he responded mans not hot
I told you
i took the ketchup
i use a combination of different filters work, ReaFir to eliminate room static and some of the loud clackiness of the keyboard and and RTX voice sometimes if i want it completely gone, was gonna use ReaGate but never set it up properly compressor because i scream
i wake up another day thankful that dash was promoted from test features
i wanna play bh
i wanna play piano any keyboard recommendations
i was in a lyft with creed and he wouldn't stop lecturing the driver on the common improper form for dabbing... i kept telling him that the driver should focus on the road but the grind never stops
I watched the last eggsoup video eggboy with generic skyrim helmet
I will win Evo.
i will, without hesitation, briskly log onto steam and WITHOUT HESITATION I WILL UNLOCK THE STANCES for a legend named doctor poo think it over blue mountain think it over long and hard
i woke up for a tournament april fools
i won't be able to go to any brawlhalla event until mid june so hopefully summer 2020 is stacked :o
i wonder what a little eggsoup mascot boy would look like, i had these ideas but iunno, i feel like i should have one cuz otherwise i'm only represented by bowl of soup swirl (which i really like, but isn't a face to put on stuff)
I'll play 300 matches on EU ranked before I willingly sit on a cold toilet seat
I'm (obviously by this picture) not a graphic designer, and theteam has fantastic, talented developers that could make a beautiful, functional HUD 100x better than whatever this plagiarized mess is. I know it's a lot to ask, but I think it's extremely important
i'm confused, i'm saying that there seems to be a huge middle ground between what's deemed as dysfunctional and what's deemed as normal and because of strict diagnoses it falls through the cracks and gets grouped in one camp or the other
i'm generally pretty sarcastic in my tweets but there's a tinge of truth in each of them, except for the creed ones those i couldnt make up if i wanted to
i'm like that too, spending quality time with people is important to get the oxytocin flowing but i find myself always needing space to unwind and digest by myself, also i never talk to people to begin with so scratch that first part
i'm more social in valorant pregame chat than i was in the past 12 years of school
i'm not comfortable with your choice of emojis toasthany
i'm only trying to get your pity likes it's all i have left
i'm scared of joining discord servers because the thought of someone reading A wild eggsoup appeared. We hope you brought pizza! fills me with nothing but existential dread
i'm so tired i could eat a whole dinosaur pinky and nobody would be the wiser
i'm sorry this pun is shit
i'm thinking on my return stream of giving away a bunchof stuff, like 30x CCs, 10x metadev bodvar, 3x metadev orion, 2x metadev ember, 1x metadev brynn, 5x skin/taunts, my stream key, 1x hoodie / tshirt.
i'm too egotistical to think about anyone but myself, but i'm sure if i was thinking about others they'd be all good in my book because just spending time with my friends late at night is more than enough to make me smile when my head hits the pillow and i reflect back on the day
i've been breaking character too much on twitter lately, have to offset it real quick 1 sec POOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPYYYYYYYYYYYSHITFFFFFFFFARTAFARTFARTFART POOOOO PEEEE PEEEEEEE PEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE PEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE POOOOOOOPPPPOOOOOOOYYYYYYYYEWWWPOOOPFARRTT!!!!! ok we're back
i've been really thinking it over, and i want to try going full time content summer 2020, as in making videos and streaming every weekday as a job. i don't want to make empty promises cuz i know it's not possible with my living situation as it stands, but i at least want to try
i've had a lot of people tell me that shine is their first event and they're excited to meet a bunch of ppl, don't be afraid to say hi to me (if u want)! also sorry ahead of time if i'm awkward it's not ur fault
i’m currently stuck in a broken down car in the middle of a 6 way intersection, was holding in my shit so when the engine failed i sprinted out of the car while dodging highway traffic and speedshit along the jagged coastline rocks before the tide completely engulfed me
I’m gonna poop in the urinal
i’m liking the animation updates in experimental, only thing i prefer from last patch is the sweat bead effect, felt more urgent and “animated” expression-wise if that makes sense? curious what y’all think tho
i’m surprised people think $80 for an hour of coaching from boomie is a lot, shits actually a steal he could spend that hour streaming to 1000 people or making a video to a 150k audience but instead it’s a one-on-one session with you
idk how it happened but i got this image that sent back to middle school and all the 8th graders are making fun of me because they're taller than me, why did you make me take this test, god please tell me why
idk i don't have a computer yet
idk i've always just thought i'm not normal and iunno why
if by up on display you mean used as propaganda against creed's extremist regime then sure
if i could get a single good night of sleep in 2021 that'd be enough
if someone made a twitlonger trying to expose aerial can we call that an attempted gravity cancel
if we can get creed to believe in a flat earth, why can't we get marshall to believe in an EU win
if we had a map set option in ranked, it would please people that want to play on only tournament maps, and those who enjoy maps like Kings/Fangwild
it would be like the ban gadgets option, if a player opts-in, they can never get non-tournament maps
if we're all gonna be locked up for a while i gotta get something off my chest.. didn't know about coldplay until i fucked around with the minecraft parody of viva la vida a good couple dozen times. you really never know what path the Lord will build for you until you walk it
if you farted just now that was me lmao
if you have amazon prime you can link it to your twitch account and subscribe to eggsoup (remember it's eggsoup, no TV now) for free every month, but you have to manually renew it because it's not a paid subscription
IF YOU PEE ON IT I'LL FEDEX 2 MEATBALL SUBS DM ME IF INTERESTED
ill just put my odds on the $550 giveaway
ill start ur a loyal friend and i miss hanging out with u
im just imaging duc still standing in the grocery store isle 2 hours later waiting for twitter to break it down frame by frame before he can buy
im not caught up with the latest season of halla drama academia, but if we're making tier lists i want to see cinnamon toast crunch and uniqlo hokusai at the top
IM PARCHED
im sad this is too intellectual for most of my audience because my optimal following would be young bald dads trying their hardest, not puberty-stache bois with an insatiable appetite for ccs
im so bad at keeping secrets... creed always tells me not to spoil the next boss baby: back in business episode but i just have to talk about it with a fellow babybacker
im so glad infinity war didnt get spoiled for me, because the twist ending of the completed infinity gauntlet being a giant minion was shocking to the whole theater
im waking up to tnt
i eat my pork and i craft my sword
images that never fail to make me cry
In a dystopia overrun by robots, Neo (Keanu Reeves), mankind's greatest hope, is trapped in a limbo world. Meanwhile, the majority of the planet's population remains in a state of suspended virtual reality. The few humans who are cognizant of the grim realities of the world despair
in a youtube video coming this saturday 6/27 at 2pm pst subscribe to eggsoup on youtube for the new video that's youtube eggsoup youtube subscribe subscribe to
in miles
insane day, first ever full variety stream, first ever unban form stream, first ever viewer call-ins, and first ever shitting my pants live on twitch!!!!!!!
insect-resistant tobacco seeds planted in the north carolina sunshine, grown, cut, cured, toasted, treated
interesting, so the audio interface is necessary for XLR mic & pc, and depending on the mic itself you may or may not need a preamp
is it bad that i wipe my ass after pissing
is it weird that sometimes when listening to sad music i burst out into a massive grin, it's like i'm so profoundly happy about the sadness am i a psychopath
is not what you have, so fuck off
is this real
is this rick riordan i see a check mark, somebody read it out to me please
Is your child texting about BHALLA? Learn the lingo: ROFL: Rank One For Life, SMH: Showing-off My Hz, TBH: Throws Broken, Huh?, PB&J: Parrying, Boosting, & Jumping, STFU: Scythe Too Fucking Underpowered, GTG: Grabbing The Glory, LDZ: Loser Dodging Zones, GTFO: Get The Forge's Opinion
it took me 2 years but i finally got every achievement in brawlhalla
it would be really crazy if i made 4 videos in 4 days right haha yeah would be nice to get some sleep haha right haha hahahahahahahahashashfashashashasf87sa87tyfas87u98asy98yas89y7 new video
it's 5AM and I just realized the bcx bracket image was missing a round
it's about time i let you all know... ive been friends with creed for years and in that time he has not once eaten a vegetable. he keeps saying im saving my veginity for a proper PICKLE CREEEEED
it's always late at night that the emptiness hits but then i remember creed made a ram ranch reference on commentary in 2018 and then again on the exact same day in 2019 and everything becomes okay
it's been 23 patches since the brawlhalla press kit has been updated. please, my monetization button won't activate itself, how am i supposed to get clicks without pool party cross in the thumbnail
it's been a month since i've played brawlhalla... my hands are old, my veins ache with cheeto crust, my glory is unsafe, why god why
it's compensation for how we act
it's crazy that all i want for christmas is you came out in 1994 and nobody talks about how mariah carey never finished her sentence, all i want for christmas is you manually renewing your twitch prime, it doesn't have to be on me just do it every month is the intended lyric
it's crazy that there are more atoms in my body than there are atoms in the universe, really makes you think
it's difficult to be happy with who you are when you know there's so much to work on, but in those rare moments where i can genuinely reflect, i'm so thankful i'm not the same person i was last year because that guy shit on the toilet backwards
it's gonna take 29 hours for me to get home so these tweets are gonna be really bad
it's my brother's birthday today everyone please say happy birthday john hamm he's very shy and doesn't want to ask you himself so he asked his brother (me) to do so because we're siblings and shared the same womb
it's my favorite heat wave loadout
it's no nix november sorry pick a new character
it's not released yet i cant do that
it's not tough you're tough
it's sad that i put out a zariel video and most of the comments are a cesspool complaining about how they're nonbinary wowie people really care a lot about something they say they don't care about
IT'S UR MOM LOL
italian eggboy
jcrew
jk lmao fuck facebook
johnathan
just a ffin I guess
just because he's commentating right now doesn't mean you can subtweet him
just building up excitement for the next big commentary project
Just for you
just found out somebody put me into a twitter list called ppl im going to cough on. i'm the only member...
just kidding, fuck off
just learned bloons monkey city is on steam havent eaten havent pissed havent shidded i am a gamer now i finally understand what it's like
just think of the possibilities, ill never piss my pants again...
just thought about how one day in the future someone is going to discover a planet with a human-like evolved species and they probably wont even have taco bell over there the universe really is mysterious
keep refreshing the mail app just to feel something
kills me every time I see this picture
KING IF UR READING THIS I'M SORRY I MISSED UR DONO I DIDN'T HEAR THE ALERT NOOOOOOO
KKonaW TRUE KKonaW
l
LAN champion synergy
latest news streamer egg soup  shits successfully 6th time today take it away barbara
ldz doesn't have that skin
LDZ; Elmo: seems to appear less and less but is still many people's favorite Sesame Street character from the old days (childhood), RED TEAM, two timer
listens to 1970s country all night
leaked new brawlhalla wedpon don't tell bmg they d'ont know yet ( view image )
leaked reno ssig except i didn't leak it this time because i am not a leaker also when i say this time it implies i have leaked in the past but that's completely false not true didn't mean to give the wrong impression
leave this on creed's channel it'll fit right in
lego obi wan
lego obi wan'd
leonardo dicaprio's intensity, freddie mercury's range, stan lee's legacy, hayao miyazaki's vision, bob ross' voice, roger federer's backhand, boss baby's cultural impact, chillindude829's lyricism, abraham lincoln's hat, the ultimate human.
let's go to the beach, each,
let's poo in the waves
like this tweet and i will tell u what brawlhalla character u are
like when i start streaming and all of chat simultaneously starts typing wow egg how are you!? your gameplay is so hot and your hair is flawless and you smell so good and my eyes are closed and you're so jacked and muscular :O feels great to finally hear the truth
live
living on the edge
LMAO
lmao july 4th eat shit
lmao ur wasting ur time tweeting this when you could be on the grind bro, while you were up till 7am watching family guy compilations i was putting the finishing touches on my cambell soup alpha gorilla glue clorox training room brought to you exclusively by walgreens, stay mad.
LMAOOOO
lolethis is u
look at us discussing percents already, we've come so far
look behind you.
los angeles in crazy theydon't call it the subway haha it's just Big Ben but not the clock (lol england..) a man named ben Who carries you on his back
lost 3lbs since quarantine started, turns out my workout routine of not being able to eat because of overwhelming sadness is working wonders
lost in ikea.
lost my password for a bit sorry
lost on purpose actually
m
made a 16 page pros and cons list of living in quarantine the other day, didn't realize fear of shitting pants in public would be so high up but i guess staying inside has its perks
made it home, this will make for a great video LMAO
MADE IT OUT OF IKEA!
magyar sounds like a ligma that didnt quite get the memo
make sure to cite your sources i believe this is comes from foda, circa 2017
mayb
MAYBE IT'S WORTH A TRY, I GET DEPRESSED AND DEMOTIVATED WITHOUT HOURS OF SUNLIGHT BUT WAKING UP EARLY LEAVES MY BRAIN FOGGY THE ENTIRE DAY SO I'VE BEEN STUCK IN A LOOP OF NEVER GETTING ENOUGH SLEEP OR NEVER GETTING QUALITY SLEEP FOR MOST OF THE PAST 3 YEARS
maybe this is what's happening to you too
maybe! gotta get over some anxiety but it was a good way to get out of my comfort zone, i love doing viewer-oriented things it's super fun
mayhaps i will make a youtube highlight. mayhaps.
me someones impersonating
me too
me too slosh, me too
meeting the BCS crew, and my peer buddies was the single largest factor in my dad's shift from skepticism to acceptance of my involvement with gaming, and i am very fortunate to have met such amazing people within this community
meme marketing is very real and the legend render tool will have a profound impact on the brawlhalla meme game. not that it'll make them better, but the barrier is lower to get hi-res images of any pose you want
met some amazing people in my life but i don't think anyone will ever make as big of an impact on me as the person who wrote the wiki article for the secret missions in club penguin
Metadev Chicken Wing giveaway! Like, retweet, and follow to enter! If this gets over 14 RTs, I'll also be giving away a 5GUYS 2018 Pack. Giveaway ends November 31!
metronome blips in my ear until i can't tell where the beat stops and the tinnitus begins, will update
might've gotten a C but i farmed those LULWs
mirrors must be a hell of a scare then
missed you
MIXED API GANG POGGERINONOS
mobile players are different
monkey legend: banana blasters, peanut orb, 5/4/6/7. i want this. i need this.
moonlight sonata really hits different on the toilet at 3:17am
move to AUS, summer is in february there
MOVIE OF THE SUMMER
much like ldz's online tournament history, sparky simultaneously has the best and worst twitter in brawlhalla
Much love to the casters, staff, volunteers, photographers, + all the behind-the-scenes people that made #BCX17 possible
multiple people commented on my most recent video asking if i was inspired by dhar mann and i don’t know whether to be more disappointed that they watch dhar mann or that they think i do
mungarungaroo
muting all notifications possible on twitter has been a great decision for my mental health, i highly recommend
My 2v2combos with looking REAL nasty this patch, hopefully will be able to pull this off in tourney
my august 2019 brawlhalla tier list (unordered)
my bad... you make up rumors, i spread truths
my dog every time they catch a glimpse of their tail
my end goal for brawlhalla esports is to one day be recognized on the street by a getty images employee and work my way up the corporate chain until i become a stock photo goddess
my entire life has led up to double dipping cheetos in apple sauce
my favorite hidden brawlhalla strategy that the pros don't really talk about publicly is[...] This tweet is hidden from select users based on their Brawlhalla™ glory amount. Learn more.
my GOSH stop talking about POOP! don't you know about anything else get a life LMAO?? me? haha check this out 💪 yeah kiddo enjoy your piss and shit i'll be here making HISTORY
my greatest fear is violently shitting my pants live on stream in such a spectacle that baggel pulls up the replay and everyone sees the exact frame the turd slides down my leg
MY KING
my paypal link
my swedish fish picked defense stance and i am so fucked
my thoughts on how to help post-game toxicity
my thoughts on non-top players
my thoughts on top players
N oh shid oh fcuk
neither me or Cameron Ocasio will be attending bcx at all. our flight was delayed over 14 times in hour and half hour increments until it was cancelled. it sucks, but these things happen. im so lucky to have the privledge to even have the chance to go at all. good luck everyone!
neither was mr. pump so i really don't know what they are doing
never get hot pot with creed... last time i made this mistake he splashed me with boiling hot broth because he refused to stop furiously dabbing as low and deep as possible until he hit the bowl
new brawlhalla ruleset (2020)
NEW KOR SKIN!
new legend : onix
new legend reno, 4/7/6/5 base stats, guns + orb
new living situation and its implications on videos/streaming
new snap filter really did a number on me
new vidddeoa
new video
new video tomorrow 4pm est
new video yes i think it is
new weapon shield
newly elected forge council, 2019 (colorized)
nice
nice crop
nice try duc you're not fooling anyone alexa
nö
no advertising
no but jack black and kyle gass have birthmarks that form the words tenac and ious d on their butt cheeks in the movie
no i emptied my balls on february 1st i'm sure of it
no joke Creed just told everyone in the brawlhalla discord server that he always thought pb&j stood for pubs, bars, and jamba juice
NO MORE LOWERCASE LETTERS WE LEAVE THEM IN THE PAST
no no no nono nononononnoo nonoon nono no
no normally when you take off your glasses you're supposed to take out your eyes too
no please i'm sorry i can't i need this god don't do this clint stopped streaming and i can't lose another father figure in my life
no she's a smart and sweet human
NO STREAM ACCIDENTALLY STAYED UP TILL 6AM PLAYING PIANO
No stream today because creed spoiled Death Note for me
No stream today because of creed
no ur not supposed to respond then people won't tell me i lent them my used 2009 toyota camry
nobody make a nokia brick joke please i will be disappointed
nobody pointed out the rewind skin swap edit yet so i will do it to feel better about myself
normally i dont use this platform for any of my personal life, but something came up and i need to share. creed just walked up to matt woomer and asked if a nae nae taunt was on the developer roadmap for 2019
not a fan of scrap folder — an eggsoup brawlhalla montage i see
not been tweeting because i have nothing to say, i'm not gonna push out something just for the sake of it i need to feel the fart joke in my bones first
not enough frozone 0/10
not going to bcx
not going to bcx 2019
nothing gets you through hard times like family guy funny moments #24
nothing i am empty
notifications aren’t being sent this is so frustrating
now that it's the new year i can safely reveal that secret.. i am not a scorpio ladies and gentlemen not a scorpio,,
now that we have your attention, we have to talk. you have been watching boss baby nonstop for the past 72 hours and we are seriously concerned about your health. no movie is worth that level of investment, not even boss baby. please, from your friends and coworkers, please stop.
now this is a story all about how my mom took the rake from the basement trap door and told me to gather all the leaves in our backyard and i said mom we don't have a backyard and she pointed to her ipad screen where zillow was open front and center and said we do now, kiddo.
now we need beethoven in brawlhalla please
now you know how it feels
o shit didn't see you reply sorry have you muted
o the sheet music is for something else i made it up
obviously don't wanna seem ungrateful or anything cuz BMG supporting the scene is invaluable to the competitive community, but i do agree that longevity is an issue without a big change. it's difficult cuz the devs already work super hard on arguably more important stuff (1/2)
OCTOBER 2021 GOALS: 200K ON YOUTUBE, 50K ON TWITCH, 10K ON TWITTER, CREED TELLS ME HE'S PROUD OF ME, SPARKY LEAVES BMG, METADEV CORN NUTS, TAKING A GAP YEAR BTW
of course, anything for my biggest fan
oh fcuk oh shid i didn't realize how many twitch chatters had masters degrees in psychology i will step aside sirs and madams
oh god people are gonna believe this
oh it's just my bookcase, it got in the shot by accident sorry
Oh Lord FUCK He Is So COOL In That Pale Pink Giraffe Buddy Hoodie I Wish I Could Be That Cool But I'm Still IN MIDDLE SCHOOL MOM!
oh my god
oh my god how did that even happen howd she even find it
oh my god i actually saw this on my timeline it's been so long since i've seen a creed tweet on my timeline thank jesus i have been unblocked i will repent i repent i repent
oh no
oh... kekw... yeah ill uhh my mom's calling me sorry cant talk anymore
ok
ok after seeing this i think im outclassed
ok boomer is january quality of meme why is it hitting mid november
ok criminal
ok here we go, last tweet of the decade better make it count
ok i meant with your voice but you've got the spirit
ok it's tough
ok ok i get it... no more poo poo penis tweets. from now on we only use educated (TM) humor. hey guys brawlhalla haha brawlhalla get it like the game i am not long for this world please help
ok this is kinda in poor taste dont be mean plz im sure everyone is working as hard as they can so everything can work properly and seeing stuff like this prolly feels bad i just wanted to make joke joke anyway heres my apex pro actuation 2-3 depending on keys
ok yeah it's literally only on youtube i just wanted to say that cuz everyone says that all i want is to fit in for once sorry
okay Ok get this: brawlhalla peesports sponsor for budget gamer bidets
okay zack
olive garden
OLIVE GARDEN!
OLIVE GARDEN???
omg a model
omg another model
On the twelfth day of Christmas, the Forge will give to me: 12 diamonds distracting, 11 plats parrying, 10 leaders lying, 9 councils crying, 8 madmen memeing, 7 silvers screeching, 6 glory-a-taking, 5 GOLDFORGED RINGS, 4 whiny nerds, 3 wrenchd friends, 2 google docs, and a hateful @ to BMG.
on which website
one of my best streams ever thanks for hanging out and making it a fun time everyone i appreciate a lot!!
ONE OF MY PROBLEMS IS I GET EXCITED ABOUT SO MANY THINGS AND END UP PUTTING TOO MUCH ON MY PLATE, CURRENTLY WORKING ON 13 DIFFERENT PROJECTS AND FINISHING NONE OF THEM CUZ I GET SO HYPER THE MOMENT I THINK OF SOMETHING NEW AND THEN PROCEED TO FORGET THE OTHER ONE
one of the most frequent questions i get is when are you gonna pick up hattori again? or something along those lines. the truth is, i physically couldn't bring myself to main her any longer... she's a scorpio.
one thing i love about california that i don't have back home in new york is the grocery store Ralphs, they just have a wide collection of glue flavors not currently available on the east coast
opened up my backpack found these
orb dlight
our conversations are one sided anyway, they won't notice a difference
our official casters
ow i tripped
p
p.s. fuck off
PART OF ME WANTS TO WRITE A SONG BUT ANOTHER PART OF ME REALIZES I HAVE NO FUCKIN IDEA HOW TO DO THAT, THEN AGAIN JUMPING IN BLIND IS HOW I LEARNED TO EDIT VIDEOS SO MAYBE I’M NOT COMPLETELY BRAINDEAD STUPID IDEA BOY THAT’S GOOD EATIN
pee pee
pen 15 #BHesports
penis
people always complain about parry but if I saw a middle-aged man running at me with his lance out I'd fullstop jump backdash fastfall too
people have been a bit confused when i say i’m bad lately cuz “compared to me in gold you’re so good tho!”
hopefully this makes sense? the more experience you gain in a skill the more aware you become about how much left there is to learn and how much you’re missing. i suck lole
people saying “HEY AN APRIL FOOLS JOKE LMAO!” to me must not be aware that i endlessly shitpost on the other 364 days of the year too, this isn’t a holiday this is an eternal sisyphusian hell
people talk about how they wish they could go back in time and experience their favorite song or movie for the first time again,,. GOD please i wish i could read my tweets like that FUCKh CAN YOU IMAGINE WHAT A RUSH
people talking about post lan depression. when i come home and see my daily gold bonus reset, that shit hits me hard
phazon
Phazon; Elmo: switches personalities depending on if the camera is rolling, unconventional taste in modern art, gambled life savings away on a single hand of poker but still submits tax documents on time
played for 12 years give or take but it’s been a while if that makes a difference
please don't bother me i need to prepare myself for the coming all i want for christmas is you during thanksgiving 2020
please don't tell me you wrote this
please dont fight you two are all i have
please new legend olive garden for brawlhalla please
plz brawlhalla mobile don't require big boy hardware i'm tryna 3 2 1 brawl on my iphone 6 over here
poem: poo poo is in the air tonight / its scent gently wafting like dandelions in a cool summer's breeze / my father's final whispers echoed in the delicate clouds / oh how i would fly away tonight / tonight, like any other night
poo poo
poop
POOP LMAO
poop lole
pork sucks porn rules
Posted this in a thread already, but this is how I've always sectioned off criticism in my mind. I understand that there are equal things to learn from positive and negative criticism. The hard part is separating it from the mindless criticism on both sides.
pretty amazing it happens naturally
pretty soon he's going to start posting haha poop funny to hide his downward spiraling habits of self-isolation and loneliness that grow worse and worse as time goes on but the thought of reaching out is even more terrifying so it continues to snowball am i right lmaooo
pretty sure i saw a couple dr. matthews in the 24/7 minecraft beats youtube live chat so you might be onto something
probably :-/
pronouncing stevonnie is a talent that i don't posses
quarantine changes a man
quarter ply never felt so good
RATS RATS WE ARE THE RATS CELEBRATING YET ANOTHER BIRTHDAY BASH, MICHAEL IT'S YOUR BIRTHDAY TODAY CAKE AND ICE CREAM IS ON ITS WAY, AND MICHAEL YOU'VE BEEN SUCH A GOOD BOY THIS YEAR, OPEN UP YOUR GIFTS WHILE WE ALL CHEER
RATS, RATS, WE'RE THE RATS, WE PREY AT NIGHT WE STALK AT NIGHT, WE'RE THE RATS, I'M THE GIANT RAT THAT MAKES ALL OF THE RULES, LET'S SEE WHAT KIND OF TROUBLE WE CAN GET OURSELVES INTO
ray man
reading people in brawlhalla, while generally analyzed in three different subcategories of habits in competitive nomenclature, can really be broken down into one thing and one thing only (piss velocity)
ready for aus champs
rebo
RECOGNIZE THIS?
red team baby
RED TEAM RED TEAM RED TEAM
red team.
remember that an insecurity you have about yourself might be the very thing that someone likes about you!! that's what i keep telling myself anyway, pissing 18 times a day is starting to not be so amusing
Remmy 5-0s Eramm
Remmy and I are done.
remmy keeps taking pictures of me but it's ok cuz I gave consent and consent is badass :)
right before bcx 2016, we had the controversial jump startup and landing lag debate, right before bcx 2017, we had the huge will they/won't they with game-changing dash, and now, right before bcx 2018, we have the entire NA scene grinding maplestory. look how far we've come.
risk of rain 2 is one of the best games ive ever played and they just had a biggums update, i highly recommend if you're looking for something to pass the time. Also brawlhalla is fun but u knew that already
roam the wildlands of northern california and find me in my natural habitat, smothering out fires with my piss and shid
Sacrificed my points for you taza
saddest part of never quite learning how to read properly is how i have to gloss over some critical plot points in my favorite YA novels, years later i still don't know why percy jackson can't just drink his piss to become more powerful
salmon buttcrack
same energy
same except i dress up as a different person every week and meet up with the same dev to farm cc codes o wait shidd fardd that wasn't me someone else said that
Sandstorm; Elmo: came from another scene (show) and made it his own, writes sonnets in classic iambic pentameter, has a blood pact with george of the jungle, supportive parents.
saw a huge (i'm talking GIANT) smudge on my mirrortried to wipe it off, turns out it's just my bicep? and there's two of them?? wow haha more you know
say what you will about the fgc and hygiene, but creed makes sure to wash his hands before and after using the bathroom
scythe
seinfeld sounds kinda cool tho thank u for the recommendation
send me contract
Serial killer eyeing down his prey (circa 1934, colorized)
shit wrong account
shoot yeah forgot to congratulate kylar, gz 
SHOT IN 144HZ
shouldve stayed in the drafts
shoutouts to the hero of lone legend!
SHUT UP!!!!!!!!
SHUT UP!!!!!!!!!
Since everyone else is doing giveaways: At 281-330-8004 RTs, I’ll giveaway ‘s phone number
since this is making the rounds again, id like to emphasize that this is good not just for competitive players-- as a smash spectator i get so much out of seeing the % values, much more than yellow, orange, or dark red (also the phrasing on original tweet sounds ungrateful my b)
size small, comes pre-dirtied so you'll fit right in with the tournament crowd
skin thats a fun thing, i will enjoy poop skin please lord above please poop skin
slander: the action or crime of making a false spoken statement damaging to a person's reputation.
sleep tight eggers
slept through my morning zoom class after staying up till 5:24am watching minecraft song parodies, in all honesty i've hit a new peak couldn't be happier
smash for switch is hype news but im waiting for the ubisoft purchase of splatoon studios so i can call bodvar mains spineless kids and they cant argue
so do i
so fuck off
so is the rider
So you're going by Sparky now nerd? Haha whats up glory hole, it's Creed from Highschool. Remember me? Me and the guys used to give you a hard time in school. Sorry you were just an easy target lol. I can see not much has changed. Remember Cody the player you had a crush on? Y-
SOCIAL ANXIETY SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!
social distancing actually such a bad term, call that shiet death avoidance and ppl might take it more seriously
some raysfire gold
some days i regret not buying ray-bans from tyler whitaker veterans affairs, but then i remember the alpha attire of a brawlhalla player is restricted to oversized polyester jerseys with great value impact font
some days you can immerse yourself in a recognition of being; how meaning is created through the intricate beauty of the human mind
some days you remember this exists
some things in life you just have no control over. your race, who your parents are, where you were born, your genetics, wilson's power ranking, the list goes on
somehow the likelihood of this happening is higher than someone legitimately using yahoo news
something big is coming...
SOMETIMES I FEEL LIKE CRAWLING INTO A TINY LITTLE HOLE AND DISAPPEARING FROM THE OUTSIDE WORLD, CONVERSING WITH NONE BUT THE INNER VOICE IN MY HEAD. THEN I REMEMBER I DO THAT EVERY SINGLE DAY
sometimes i wonder if i work so hard because i genuinely love what i'm able to do or because i'm terrified of the idea that it can all slip away in a moment's notice, probably a mixture of both
sometimes when i get really socially anxious and i hear people laughing in public my mind jumps to thinking that they're laughing at me and i try to hide whatever they're laughing at but i don't know what it is so i go zoom zoom out of there so i don't feel embarrassed
sometimes when i'm having a bad day i scroll through my youtube comments expecting people to vehemently hate and wish foul things upon me and when i'm instead greeted by a personal comment explaining into the void how the video positively resonated with them i feel so warm
Sometimes, you're the peepee. and other times, if you're lucky, you're the poopoo.
somewhere out there a person reading this just had a simultaneous shit drop with you, you are soulmates now
sorry
sorry for the late reply i have my twitter notifs turned off for non-partners, anyway what were you asking again
sorry i didn't accept the zoom invitation haha was busy SHITTING
sorry i'm saving ALL future ccs to farm the pinnacle of currency.. facebook likes !
sorry mister college sir
sorry you dropped this
sparky i left something on the cushion under u can u get it pls #bhesports
sparky's recent obsession with harry potter reminds me of my fixation on erudition via the unabridged consumption of au courant thesauri in my juvenescence
stan yonathan
stan yoni
statistics class getting a little wild in quarantine
Stayed Up All Night For This
still dont know what a wombat is
still thinking about this
STREAM THE LEAKERMAN OUT ON ALL PLATFORMS
stubbed my toe on my other toe
such a scorpio reaction
Sup guys, Egg here! I come to inform you that my superiority in crying myself to sleep is bothersome to me, and the only reasonable chance people have at beating me is through fake tears enabled by severely outdated cosmetic companies!
super cute
surprised you follow me at all
tag a friend and compliment them: )
talking about fan culture, parasocial relationships, and the influence we have as figures in the community. if you're a pro player, a content creator, or a prominent community member, i think it's especially worth a watch
teared up and let out a little pee reading this thank god
tenac iois d
thank god
thank u
thank u foda all i want is to vraxx ssig so my teammate can score god please tell me vraxx is in mobile i'm scared his eye physics are gonna hold him back
thank u for keeping me grounded cody, let's take a trip to the elmer's factory when it's safe to go out again
thank u this was wholesome
thank u ty bo
THANK YOU BMG!
thank you brandon
thank you for voting, i have learned nothing
thank you for your time
thank you i'll be here all day
thank you kindly dwight
thank you now i know who to block get fucked weebs
thankful that god invented peeing otherwise i'm not sure where we'd be as a species
thanks
thanks
thanks for sharing
thanks, ive always liked your glasses btw
THANKS!
thanos has so many children he needs an extra ballsack on his chin to store the next generation
that's a mighty fine apron you got there sparky where oh where did you find such a thing
that's a very fair point -- i think my tweet was worded way too aggressively, then again it's aimed more towards ppl that just degrade anything different so idk
that's a weird way of spelling ithrow and lil capped o wait shidd fardd oh god
that's amazing ahahahhaha, hope you have a good april
that's awesome NICE
that's not how the academy awards work sparky
that's not so bad i do the same with him to hear circus music
that's the Liberian flag
that's very lttstore of you
that's why i go to tournaments, i never have to worry about someone else washing their hands
that's why you need gourmet, also unrelated but you haven't responded to my elmer's sponsored spitfire spinoff
that's your problem, you're thinking
the best part of runners high is that awe-inspiring exhilaration of you vs. the world, a challenge so individually monumental and yet ultimately insignificant in the grand expanse of life.. to be clear i dont actually run, i just get that feeling every time i shit in my jorts
the biggest scam of all is brawlhalla hinting people towards following my account thinking they'll get exclusive battle pass leaks and instead reading 57 different ways of saying i shit myself
the conversion has begun
the day i start thinking new music when i was growing up was so much better is the day i amazon prime my casket
the discord community
the duality of man
the fact that brawlhalla keeps small file size replays of EVERY game you play is so amazing
thank you papa bmg
the fuck is this, thats it nerf axe next patch sorry isidroo you crossed a line
the game awards is one big advertisement and nobody even mentioned olive garden what a wasted opportunity
the guns and cannon buffs coming next patch
the leakerman
THE MOON HAS WATER? OH WOW BIG DEAL I HAVE PISS AND I DON'T HEAR ANYONE CLAPPING
the most common question i get is how to improve, but it's really difficult to answer bc everyone's situation is different, so i made a video to help ya figure out what you specifically can work on and what steps you can take to get there, hope it helps.
THE NEW FX ARE A FANTASTIC WAY TO INCREASE THE VISUAL APPEAL OF THE GAME, CLEARLY SHOW RESOURCES TO NEWER PLAYERS, AND OFFER A SOLUTION TO GAMEPLAY-ALTERING MODS, BIG FAN
THE NEW METADEV IS
the next brawlhalla crossover
the numbers don't lie
the office season 2
the real reason
the squidward was to throw people off so they wouldn't realize it was cogsworth all over again
THE TRUTH
the victim complex on remmy mains is actually insane lmao public discords r unusable because remmy mains think remmy sucks but its always the plat remmys that say this shit
the worst part about this is i’m not even joking
the worst part of not having a computer is not being able to tuck my glory into bed every night
the wwe crossover withlegitimately makes me feel like a little kid on christmas morning, and I don't even watch wrestling
THERE'S A DEADLY CONTAGIOUS VIRUS WILLIAM I DON'T NEED AN EXCUSE
there's a lot i need to work on for commentary but it was fun, thanks for the chance and for being the best co-commentator i could ask for
there's a reason slap city, rivals, even smash flash have bottom screen huds. brawlhalla is different from these games (as are these games from each other), but that doesn't mean we should steer away from this for the sake of uniqueness. it works, and it works well
there's truth in everything you write, a truth that may transcend the content on the surface – for even lies have a reason behind them, one you may not even be aware of. that's not true for me tho, when i say i poo poo pee piss bucket piss bowl in the toilet that's just factual
these are not ccs
these aren't ccs :$
these fuego takis are too fuego for me my insides are all taki now please help
these guys would fit brawlhalla methinksies
they found out...
think about this every day
thinking of upgrading to an XLR mic (shure sm7b) sometime soon, from researching it seems like i need a preamp processor (like a cloudlifter?) and an audio interface (like a focusrite scarlett?) for it to work on my pc. Any audiophiles/streamers can confirm?
third time's the charm
this cogsworth joke was just an elaborate ruse to weed out followers and catch those who were trying to hop on a trend, like this tweet and i will REALLY tell u what brawlhalla character u are
this doesnt help
this is a bad tweet, but what is life without those inconsequential reminders of our mortality. that's why i make sure to floss 1/2 times every day - just enough to keep my dentist satisfied, but not enough to change who i am
this is a joke i don't talk to people, creed doesn't count he thinks cheese holes come from the moon just like the tides
this is a real image that someone had to draw for brawlhalla's reno reveal trailer. we now know that vraxx goes poo poo. today was a good day
this is so cool, thank you so much
this is so good
this is so sick
this is us
this is what happens after i talk to remmy sorry
this is where your sub money goes.
this is your last chance. after this there is no turning back. you take the blue pill: the story ends, you wake up back in mid plat and believe whatever you want to believe. you take the red pill: you stay in the forge and i show you how deep the elo hole goes
THIS ISN'T DMS DEALS OFF THE TABLE NOW YOU'LL NEVER GET A SECOND CHANCE
This picture perfectly embodies me at BCX, I'm not in there because I'm out of frame trading pins LMFAO
this tweet fucking sucks im sorry papa ill do better
this tweet is so on brand it hurts
this tweet sucked im deleting it sorry
this tweet sucks idk what ur talkin bout
this unrelated title shit is very annoying upvote farming, i've been posting highlights in the daph/sleepy title style where it ironically references one of the clips for months and somehow people are still surprised that i am not in fact the most dangerous man in brawlhalla
Thou shall not sleep on the kid
thought about tweeting a crazy wacky greatsword clip but i'm afraid my brand might actually become brawlhalla related instead of the poop shit fardd persona i've meticulously crafted over the past six months
thought about tweeting a picture of the beautiful hot korean lunch i cooked but creed blocked me so he won't see it and if he won't see it what's the point anymore
thought this said deep fried for a minute and was very confused given that he's already done that to himself twice on accident
three times today i tried to fasten my seatbelt, THREE TIMES, couldn't figure that shit out tried my luck with pachinko instead now i can buy two lexi how about that
thsi si me in 2018
this ise me in 2019
THURSDAY: Donation milestones for: 25x CC giveaways, 5x Metadev Orion, 300 Mammoth Coin BCX Packs... and a video of slow dancing
tier list (ice cream patch)
tier list
time is relative when you're as small brained as me
today i saw AnimeBoyTimmy comment hilarious asian joke #24, simultaneously discounting the very group of people they chose to represent themselves with while delivering truly the most stellar punchline of the past seventeen years, asian do good because smart. a genius of comedy
today is halloween!
top 5 brawlhalla legends that start with the letter b
top 5 inspirations: 1) Taza.
tried it again out of raw instinct, it's warm out think it's gonna rain later great job poo brain Fucking unbelievable imbecile, left the call immediately pulled my socks up to my knees in shame
tries to chug Starbucks again
TRUE!
trying to have a conversation with him is impossible.
tweet during the daytime
twilight_grove.mp4
Two months of work, countless sleepless hours, seven hundred miles in the desert, forty nine missed calls, eighteen missed cousins, one hundred thousand frames of pure entertainment unadulterated insane cosmic power
It's finally out.
u did this instead of calling me back.
u have diarrhea
ubisoft brawlhalla is big news but when does jcrew esports enter the scene because using my subs' mom's credit cards to scavenge for slim xs shirts is starting to get unethical
uh ohs
uhuh and you don't have a contessa
unfortunately, i have just been diagnosed with doo doo brain. as it turns out, instead of having grooves in my cerebral cortex i just have doo doo. please get yourself checked out, the early symptoms are garbage tweets and a 2100 elo axe
uninstalled twitter from my phone, realized that i lost all my drafts... now you'll never know the shit that creed pulled...
unlike guns, which are also #1 but bmg refuses to accommodate them because there's two of them so they're also #2
unrusting a tweensy bit
up my ass!
update video
update: i still dont know whats happening but i might be able to record videos and tie my shoelaces
very fun stream today! i get really paralyzed by anxiety sometimes but i have to remember that when i just jump in headfirst it's so great, the time zooms by when we get to have our dumbo talks and cursed convos, makes me happy
this community is so awesome, thanks everyone 🐒
VOTE!!!!!!!!!!
VV FUCK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!
wait
wait is this a thing
wait no please i want poo and i want poo now
wait shit i did too uhhh autocorrect
wait what
wake up mr. pug
want to test stuff with reno but a bit limited by training room, wish i could record a save state and play it back to see. if i'm not mistaken, reno slight nsig on orb is unjumpable because of its hitbox, but it seems like it can be fastfalled, does anyone know?
WAS I NOT CLEAR WITHOUT HESITATION REPTILEFAN926 WITHOUT HESITATION!
was really struggling in a game of 2v2, but then creed started shouting in my ear about how we should think about attacking the moon one battalion at a time because of how it sends microwaves down to earth to make the penguins grow bigger and i saw the light.
we are mere ants in your godly presence
we love you creed dw bout it. ofc by we im referring to the group funding your scented sticker addiction.
We're live now.
well it's not made for you then is it sparky oh my gosh
went back to record all the spare footage i've been building up for the past 5 months and found this gem
wh.wen TOAst says penis into microphone.. but he THINKS nobody can hear ha ha stream hear it! heehaa
what WHAT what
what
what a joke . happy new year she says, handing over ketchup packets from 2019. what do you think this is,? we're in the same TIME ZONE mom
what a question.... while you're sitting at home clutching your travel size crest cavity protection i'm out making HISTORY stay in your lane and ill stay in mine thanksgiving goose
what am i supposed to think here
what does it take to be a tppg gamer, i fit the tiny pee pee qualifications sir
what gauntlet players think will happen after kung fu panda is released
what happened to my chat…
what happens when the director of brawlhalla esports teams up with two old school players to challenge 20,000 people live on stream?
new video
what is a Steve n and what the Fuck. does it have to do with my universes
what is sleep
what the absolute frick this is lore
what the ffuckk is an eboy and where am i suppzoed to buy my preownerd vintage rugrats dvd box set now!
what the fuck did you do with this innocent boy
what the fuck duc you KNEW i wanted to be minnie mouse in middle school and you djdnt even send my resume!!?
what's the point about complaining about new crossovers? someone's favorite character or person just got added into the game and ur like LOOKS BAD NO BUY BAD GAME!! it's not hard to not be negative about every announcement
WHAT'S YOUR FAVORITE VARIETY GAME? I HAVEN'T PLAYED VERY MANY I WANT TO BECOME A REAL GAMER
what’s a good entry level anime?
When Addy gets the 3-0 reset vs. when LDZ comes back with the reverse 0-3
when dobrein and diakou play noel
when i'm old will i still think poop is funny..? 22 year olds pls can i have some input
when remmy grief
WHEN SHE GOT A BOOTY THO!
when they will add indiana jones to btrawlhala?
when will my father tell me he's proud of me ?
when you get flooded with so many of them constantly all the time it's hard to keep up sorry
whenever a flight attendant asks if there's a doctor on board and i nudge my mom to check it out she always acts super weird and cold and says stuff like i'm not your mom bro and touch me one more time and i call the police, i just thought she should maybe check it out idk
Which goes first?? correct answer gets metadev/ccs
which one is luke
WHICH ONE OF YOU CHEEKY FUCKERS FOLLOWED WHILE I WAS OFFLINE
whisper penis to the person next to you. they then have to say penis slightly louder than you did. this goes back and forth until one of you eventually says it loud enough to be sent to the principals office. this player is declared the winner
who the FUCK is Ian and why is every brawlhalla player obsessed with him
who win?
who woke want to gear up and catch some bees in the great forests please let me know. you know what we need right now is ass fresh honey you know it charlie
who wore it better
who wore the same crusty hat for 2 years?
who's participating in don't pee january with me? it will save the environment
who's your favorite announcers in brawlhalla? mines the guy that says three two one brawl hehe herb when a JFK akalcfnajxvpl. Hiwlqlfkgk angljaebb Locke slkvvk hjwbe Kyle send tweet
who's your favorite legend and why?
wholesome day, tag a friend and give them a nice internet hug!! if u have nobody to tag or don't feel comfortable, say something cool bout ur favorite game rn: )
whos gonna tell them
WHY AM I SO MOTIVATED TO DO ALL THE SHIT I WANT TO DO AT 3AM BUT COME MORNING THE ONLY THING I CAN MUSTER IS SLUMPING IN MY CHAIR AND WATCHING THE MINUTES PASS ME BY
why am i tagged in this tweet
why are we debating creed's midset coaching when we should really be debating his midset poaching? it was real fucked up when he shot that tiger right in front of boomie, talk about a momentum killer
why do cook when hot pocket good
WHY DO I START TO SELF-SABOTAGE EVERY TIME SOMETHING GOOD HAPPENS IT’S LIKE I CAN NEVER LET MYSELF SIT IN THE WONDER OF THE PRESENT AND INSTEAD I FOCUS ON EVERYTHING THAT’S NOT THERE
why does earth get its own day but boss baby: back in business season 3 episode 3 ga ba goo ba ga (the babblist) doesn't, life isn't fair
why is everyone tweeting about rank señor all of a sudden, was creed kicked again for toxicity or something
why is this in my discord
why isn't it counting down to 2and 1 god please father above help me
Why the fuck do I nod like that chem problem outplayed me
why's your head a peanut in this picture
woke up at 7am today couldn't even look myself in the mirror, told a 401k knock knock joke too FUCK what's wrong with me don't let me eat that probiotic PLEASE
woke up confused and hurt
wow
wow cake is such a cool guy u should go give him a follow
wow the new menu screenshot feature is amazing, i had it written in a script for a video for things i'd like to see in the future but y'all already put it in before i could even make the vid tysm
wow they really just put drake and josh in brawlhalla... i thought it would never happen but i guess they actually saw all my email requests
wow this tweet blew up haha follow my twitter
wow this was two years ago.
wowzers i can't believe no balance patch immediately after everyone gets back from winter vacation while also considering patches in other games have to be pre-approved by playstation, xbox, and nintendo ahead of time.. nono devs aren't people 
wowzers look how cool and comfortable this premiere esports commentator looks in his pink giraffe buddy hoodie sold exclusively
writing is so good for keeping your mind healthy, today i wrote a story called the bees go up your nose and i feel like i absorbed a 4gb usb drive directly into my frontal lobe
wrong account my bad
wtf i just realized that it's okay to be mixed race... i think i've always automatically assumed that there's something wrong with me wuts going on here
wtf i'd never do it in caps
wtf man i would never type in capital letters
y’all mind if i spam the timeline with fanart
ya gimme a few min
yall weren't kidding about this year's election
yea just cuz i do it one way shouldn't invalidate anyone else ^^
yeah a huge outlet for me in the past has been recording voice notes and turning it into youtube videos for others to resonate with too, havent done it in a while but it was very fulfilling and gave me a lot of energy
yeah i really hope he notices me
yeah if you're following me for brawlhalla content i have some bad news
yeah super weird
yes i know i just figured it out it's a new kor skin
yes officer i am underage, no officer i did not hold creed's beer, no officer not even when he said he would quote, dash jump full stop purka pivot so hard my balls will fall off
yes, yes i would
yo
yo dont dmca me
yo wanna queue some rant
yothis is really awesome, guys if you log into your ingame account you can get this free avatar to celebrate hitting my first 1 million, you really didn't have to do this tysm bmg
you @'d me three times for THIS? So fucking proud
you All know about BrawlLeege but what the hell i will start a new group ButtLeage who should be invited butt league masters first? you tell me
YOU ARE RIGHT THOSE ARE NOT FREE, THE PIECE OF CARDBOARD YOU GET ON TOP OF IT IS
you are the superior human
you can't escape me
you could administer my wedding, im planning on marrying what the white portion of creed's eyebrow represents to today's youth in chart form
you could clip a random timestamp in the vod and that would still probably be true
you dont know what you got till it's gone
you dont want to keep this up, i promise you
you fucker
you know what, me neither
you know, i'm actually not sad at all about missing bcx. maybe that'll change over the next couple days, but for now it just means the next event i have the opportunity to attend will be even more special
You must be very proud.
you really just gonna steal my tweet for the impressions doctore?
you talk to creed long enough and eventually he lets it out without realizing, im just the messenger
you tweet this on j cole's birthday.
you're a unique person with a unique style, and the character is just an expression of that
you're leaned over on the toilet, elbows delicately balanced on your thighs. as always, you cannot sit with your own mind, opening up twitter to distract from the nothingness within. poop. you quickly rise, pants still at your ankles, and applaud. your life has been changed.
you're lucky i'm even responding to you right now with all the campbell's emails i have to sort through
you're really just copying me everywhere huh
YOU'RE TELLING ME OTHER PEOPLE CAN GET THE FREE THING THAT I GOT FOR FREE FOR FREE INCONCEIVABLE!
you're too sweet
you've followed me long enough to know to just click the heart and move on
you've heard of don't pee january but has uncle jeremiah informed you of the upcoming super piss april yet.?
you've tweeted 3 times in the past 3 days leave some room for 2021 zeeko
you’ve been playing too much dead by daylight pal this is some psychopath shit
your baby is gonna be so hot
youtube ads really know how to get me going
zeeko shuffle taunt for mallhalla
lmao i pooped my pants
late cuz i was watching dev strema live tho
the things i do for chat
i'm changing the game
i got vaccnated today
just found out about fiber, shits crazy.
anyone else wear earbuds outside so when you start having an increasingly intense argument out loud with yourself people don't think you're crazy
i hate it here
stop calling me an npc please, i'm not an npc!!
I DON’T HAVE AN “NPC WALK” I WALK VERY NORMALLY LIKE A NORMAL PERSON
yo i got this as #1 on my home page recommended thats sick poggor champion!
i have rat brain so i see big number i click.
i have notifs off so i didn’t see this till now sorry, this is so cute thank you!!
NICE!!
new vsauce video new bo burnham special announced only shit my pants once so far today is looking pretty good!
surprise new vidyo
he had 5 kids named george foreman
what, another new video!? wowzers, can't wait to watch this one and comment this message about how much i enjoyed it!!
what, i don't have fur.
very happy to announce the first ever PSYCH SUNDAYS! this is something i've been working really hard on behind the scenes for the past 12 minutes now, so i hope you're excited. SUNDAY @ 2:00PM PST! DON'T BE LATE FOR CLASS!
first person to guess this week's topic gets a gifted sub!
hold on now
new ivddee! psych sundays will go up tmrw on youtube.
