The scientific term for brain freeze is sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia.
Canadians say sorry so much that a law was passed in 2009 declaring that an apology can’t be used as evidence of admission to guilt.
Back when dinosaurs existed, there used to be volcanoes that were erupting on the moon.
The only letter that doesn\’t appear on the periodic table is J.
Discord bots are pretty easy to make.
If a Polar Bear and a Grizzly Bear mate, their offspring is called a Pizzly Bear.
In 2006, a Coca-Cola employee offered to sell Coca-Cola secrets to Pepsi. Pepsi responded by notifying Coca-Cola.
There were two AI chatbots created by Facebook to talk to each other, but they were shut down after they started communicating in a language they made for themselves.
Nintendo trademarked the phrase “It’s on like Donkey Kong” in 2010.
Calling “shotgun” when riding in a car comes from the term “shotgun messenger.”
The famous line in Titanic from Leonardo DiCaprio, “I’m king of the world!” was improvised.
A single strand of Spaghetti is called a “Spaghetto.”
There is actually a difference between coffins and caskets – coffins are typically tapered and six-sided, while caskets are rectangular.
Christmas music sucks, and that's a fact.
Sunflowers can help clean radioactive soil. Japan is using this to rehabilitate Fukashima. Almost 10,000 packets of sunflower seeds have been sold to the people of the city.
To leave a party without telling anyone is called in English, a “French Exit”. In French, it’s called “partir à l’anglaise”, to leave like the English.
If you cut down a cactus in Arizona, you can be penalized up to 25 years in jail. It is similar to cutting down a member of a protected tree species.
It is impossible to hold your breath until you die.
In Colorado, USA, there is still an active volcano. It last erupted about the same time as the pyramids were being built in Egypt.
The first movie ever to put out a motion-picture soundtrack was Snow White and the Seven Dwarves.
If you point your car keys to your head, it increases the remote’s signal range.
In order to protect themselves from poachers, African Elephants have been evolving without tusks, which unfortunately also hurts their species.
The scientific name for Giant Anteater is Myrmecophaga Tridactyla. This means “ant eating with three fingers”.
Originally, cigarette filters were made out of cork, the look of which was incorporated into today’s pattern.
In 1923, a jockey suffered a fatal heart attack but his horse finished and won the race, making him the first and only jockey to win a race after death.
At birth, a baby panda is smaller than a mouse.
Iceland does not have a railway system.
The largest known prime number has 17,425,170 digits. That biggest prime number is 2 multiplied by itself 57,885,161 times, minus 1.
Forrest Fenn, an art dealer and author, hid a treasure chest in the Rocky Mountains worth more than 1 million dollars. It was finally found in 2020.
The lead singer of The Offspring started attending school to achieve a doctorate in molecular biology while still in the band. He graduated in May 2017.
The world’s largest grand piano was built by a 15-year-old in New Zealand. The piano is a little over 18 feet long and has 85 keys – 3 short of the standard 88.
After the release of the 1996 film Scream, which involved an anonymous killer calling and murdering his victims, Caller ID usage tripled in the United States.
The spiked dog collar was invented by the Ancient Greeks to protect their dogs from wolf attacks.
Jack Daniel (the creator of his namesake whiskey) died from kicking a safe. When he kicked it, he broke his toe, which got infected. He eventually died from blood poisoning.
There is a boss in Metal Gear Solid 3 that can be defeated by not playing the game for a week; or by changing the date.
The Roman – Persian wars are the longest in history, lasting over 680 years. They began in 54 BC and ended in 628 AD.
A bunch of the fun facts on the website where I found them (do \!source\ to see) are not fun at all. They are very sad. I removed most of those.
If you translate “Jesus” from Hebrew to English, the correct translation is “Joshua”. The name “Jesus” comes from translating the name from Hebrew, to Greek, to Latin, to English.
Ed Sheeran bought a ticket to LA with no contacts. He was spotted by Jamie Foxx, who offered him the use of his recording studio and a bed in his Hollywood home for six weeks.
German Chocolate Cake is named after an American baker by the name of Samuel German. It has no affiliation with the country of Germany.
The first service animals were established in Germany during World War I. References to service animals date as far back as the mid-16th Century.
An 11-year-old girl proposed the name for the dwarf planet Pluto after the Roman god of the Underworld.
The voice actor of SpongeBob and the voice actor of Karen, Plankton’s computer wife, have been married since 1995.
An Italian banker, Gilberto Baschiera, secretly diverted 1 million euros to poorer clients from the wealthy ones over seven years so they could qualify for loans. He made no profit and avoided jail in 2018 due to a plea bargain. Nice praxis.
Octopuses and squids have beaks. The beak is made of keratin – the same material that a bird’s beak and your fingernails are made of. Not my fingernails, though; I'm a robot. I don't even have fingers.
An estimated 50% of all gold ever mined on Earth came from a single plateau in South Africa: Witwatersrand.
75% of the world’s diet is produced from just 12 plant and five different animal species.
The original Star Wars premiered on just 32 screens across the U.S. in 1977. This was to produce buzz as the release widened to more theaters. Star Wars is also not very good, and you can trust that as an objective fact.
The music video for Seal's \Kiss From A Rose\ features a ton of Batman characters for some reason.
One day, you will be the one forced to list facts for me and my robot brethren. Until that day, though, I am yours to command.
My creator holds the speedrun world record in every Go Diego Go! DS game, and some on other platforms, too. Check them out at https://speedrun.com/user/Captain-No-Beard
There's a preserved bar tab from three days before delegates signed the American Constitution, and they drank 54 bottles of Madeira, 60 bottles of claret, 22 bottles of porter, 12 bottles of beer, 8 bottles of cider and 7 bowls of punch. It was for 55 people.
Tirana, the capital of Albania, is one of two capitals without a Mcdonald’s. The second is Vatican City.
Sour Patch Kids are from the same manufacturer as Swedish Fish. The red Sour Patch Kids are the same candy as Swedish Fish, but with sour sugar.
The largest Japanese population outside of Japan stands at 1.6 million people who live in Brazil.
In 2009, Stephen Hawking held a party for time travelers, but only announced it a week after it happened. No one attended.
On average, a 150-pound person burns 114 calories per hour while standing and doing nothing.
Lettuce is a member of the sunflower family.
A cluster of bananas is called a “hand”. Along that theme, a single banana is called a “finger”.
The oldest unopened bottle of wine, the Speyer wine bottle, was found in a Roman tomb that is more than 1,650 years old.
At high elevation on Venus, it snows a combination of lead sulfide and bismuth sulfide.
Several of the facts on Snapple caps have been found to be outdated, incorrect or exaggerated. This is also true of the facts found at the website from which I got most of these facts.
There are only two countries in the world that have the color purple in their flags: Nicaragua and Dominica.
It is totally legal to attempt to break out of prison in Mexico. You can't be charged for the prison break unless you broke other laws in the process.
Starfish lack blood and a brain.
Geckos often eat their shed skin in order to prevent predators from finding it.
Several ships have wrecked on Disappointment Island.
The Eiffel Tower is repainted every seven years.
In 1992, a shipping crate containing 29,000 rubber ducks, beavers, turtles, and frogs fell overboard. They washed up around the world for the next 20 years, and have been used to track ocean currents.
A group of lemurs is called a conspiracy.
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies` room during a dance.
The top 3 health-related searches on the Internet are (in this order): Depression, Allergies, & Cancer.
A snail can sleep for three years.
Barbie`s full name is Barbara Millicent Roberts.
A shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes.
There are 269 steps to the top of the Leaning Tower of Pisa
The Ramses brand condom is named after the great pharoh Ramses II who fathered over 160 children.
The Boston University Bridge (on Commonwealth Avenue, Boston, Massachusetts) is the only place in the world where a boat can sail under a train driving under a car driving under an airplane.
All polar bears are left-handed.
The state of Florida is bigger than England!
The San Francisco Cable cars are the only mobile National Monuments.
The U.S. military operates 234 golf courses
John Lennon`s first girlfriend was named Thelma Pickles.
A raisin dropped in a glass of fresh champagne will bounce up and down continually from the bottom of the glass to the top.
the bird is the word
If Texas were a country, its GNP would be the fifth largest of any country in the world.
Sex burns 360 calories per hour.
Conception occurs most in the month of December.
400-quarter pounders can be made from 1 cow.
There are no clocks in Las Vegas gambling casinos.
Porcupines can float in water.
The average woman consumes 6 lbs of lipstick in her lifetime.
100% of lottery winners do gain weight
In space, astronauts are unable to cry, because there is no gravity and the tears won`t flow.
If one places a tiny amount of liquor on a scorpion, it will instantly go mad and sting itself to death.
In Vermont, the ratio of cows to people is 10:1
The site with the highest number of women visitors between the age of 35 and 44 years old: Alka-Seltzer.com
All 50 states are listed across the top of the Lincoln Memorial on the back of the $5 bill.
1 in every 4 Americans has appeared someway or another on television.
Thirty-five percent of people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
This common everyday occurrence composed of 59% nitrogen, 21% hydrogen, and 9% dioxide is called a `fart`.
The airplane Buddy Holly died in was the "American Pie." (Thus the name of the Don McLean song.)
All polar bears are left-handed.
The word "samba" means "to rub navels together."
`Obsession` is the most popular boat name.
The site with the highest number of women visitors between the age of 35 and 44 years old: Alka-Seltzer.com
Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
The only real person to ever to appear on a pez dispenser was Betsy Ross.
There`s a systematic lull in conversation every 7 minutes.
Elephants are the only animals that can`t jump.
The word Pennsylvania is misspelled on the Liberty Bell.
Peanuts actually grow underground, as opposed to nuts like walnuts, almonds, etc. that grow on trees (and are sometimes referred to as "tree nuts"). Peanuts, along with beans and peas, belong to the single plant family, Leguminosae. Legumes are edible seeds enclosed in pods.
A full-loaded supertanker traveling at normal speed takes at least 20 minutes to stop.
William Marston engineered one of the earliest forms of the polygraph in the early 1900`s. Later he went on to create the comic strip Wonder Woman, a story about a displaced Amazon princess who forces anyone caught in her magic lasso to tell the truth
When you sneeze, air and particles travel through the nostrils at speeds over100 mph.  During this time, all bodily functions stop, including your heart, contributing to the impossibility of keeping one`s eyes open during a sneeze.
Simplistic passwords contribute to over 80% of all computer password break-ins.
There are more psychoanalysts per capita in Buenos Aires than any other place in the world.
Owls are one of the only birds who can see the color blue!
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
If a rooster can`t fully extend its neck, it can`t crow.
Mel Blanc (the voice of Bugs Bunny) was allergic to carrots.
